All is but lip-wisdom that wants experience. (Philip Sideney, British satesman)
凡是没有实际经验的，都只是口头智慧。(英国政治家 锡得尼 D .)
Expericence is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards. (Law Vernon, British writer)
经验是一位先行测试然后才授课严厉的教师。(英国作家 弗农. L.)
Experience is not interesting till it begins to repeat itself, in fact, till it does that ,it hardly is experience. (Elizabeth Bowen, British novelist)
经验直到自我重复时才变得有意义，事实上，直到那时才算得上经验。(英国小说家 鲍恩 E.)
Expericence is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him. (Aldous Leonard Huxley, American writer)
经验不会从天而降；经验只有通过实践才能获得。(美国作家 郝胥黎.A.L.)
Experience is the child of thought , and thought is the child of action. We cannot learn men from books. (Benjamin Disraeli, British statesman)
经验是思想之子，思想是行动之子，了解他人不可以书本为据。(英国政治家 迪斯雷利 B .)
Experience is the na me give their mistakes. (Oscar Wilde, British playwriter and poet)
经验是每个人为其错误寻找的代名词。(英国剧作家、诗人 王尔德 O.) 
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want. (Dan Stanfort, American brsinessman)
经验是当你没得到想得到之物时所得到的东西。(美国实业家 斯坦福。D.)
Expreience keeps a dear school, yet fools will learn in no other. (Benjamin Franklin, Americna president)
经验始终是收费高的学校，然而，笨汉非进此学校不可。(美国总统 富兰克林 B )
Experience more than sufficiently teaches that men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues. (Bendict de spinoza, Dutch philosopher)
经验给我们太多的教训，告诉我们人类最难管制 的东西，莫过于自己的舌头。(荷兰哲学家 斯宾诺沙 B)
Experience never misleads; what you are missed by is only your judgement, and this misleads you by anticipating results from experience of a kind that is not produced by your experements. (Leonardo Da Vinci, Italian painter)
经验永远不会对你做错误的引导；把你引导错的只是你自己的判断，而你的判断之所以对你发生误导的作用，乃是由于它根据那种并非借着实验而产生的经验来预料的结果。(意大利画家 达芬奇)
Experience without learning is better than learning without excperi-ence. (Bertuand Russell, British philosopher and mathematician)
有经验而无学问胜于有学问而无经验。(英国哲学家、数学家 罗素.B.) 
I have but one lamp wait which my feet are guided; and that is the lamp of experience. I know of no way of judging of the future but by the past. (Patrick Henry, Americna statesman)
我只拿一盏灯来指引我的脚步，而那盏灯就是经验，对于未来，我只是能以过去来判断。(美国政治家 享利.P.) 
Mistakes are an essential part of education. (Bertrand Russell, Bdritish philosopher)
从错误中吸取教训是教育极为重要的一部分。(英国哲学家 罗素 . B .)
Neither beliver nor reject anything, because any other person has rejected of believed it. Heaven has given you a mind for judging truth and error, Use it. (Thomas Jefferson, American president)
不要因为别的人相信或否定了什么东西，你也就去相信它或否定它。上帝赠予你一个用来判断真理和谬误的头脑。那你就去运用它吧/ (美国总统 杰斐逊 .T.) 
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning. (James Russell Lowell, British Poet and critic)
一次痛苦的经验抵得上千百次的告诫。(英国诗人、批评家 洛威尔 .J. R .) 
Practical wisdom is only to be learned in the school of experience. (Samuel Smiles, British writer)
实用的知识只有通过亲身体验才能学到。(英国作家 斯迈尔斯 . S .)
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience. (Miguel de Cervantes, Spanish writer)
谚语是从长期经验中获得的短句。(班牙作家 塞万提斯.M.)
The tragedy of the world is that those who are imaginative have but slight experience, and those who are experienced have feeble imaginations. (Alfred North Whitehead, British philosopher and nathematician)
世界的悲剧就在于有想象力又缺乏经验，而有经验的人又缺乏想象力。(英国哲学家、数学家 怀特海 .A . N.)
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas. (Grorge Santayana, Spain-born American philosopher and poet)
教育之艰苦在于从意念中获得经验。(西班牙裔美国哲学家、诗人 桑塔亚那.G.)
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. (Winston Churchill. British statesman)
傻瓜有时候也是对的。(英国政治家 丘吉尔 .W.) 
To make good use of life one should have in youth the experience of advanced years, and in old age the vigor of youth. (Stanislars I, Polish king)
青年而有老年之经验，老年而有青年之朝气，就能使人生发挥更大的作用。(波兰国王 斯坦尼劳斯一世)
To most men , experience is like the stern light of a ship which il-luminates only the track it has passed. (Samuel Tylor Coleridge, British poet)
对于大多数人，经验像是一艘船上的尾灯，只照亮船驶过的航道。(英国诗人 柯勒津治. S .T .)
Too much experience is a dangerous thing. (Oscar Wilde, British dramatist)
经验过多反而危险。(英国剧作家 王尔德 . O.) 
We know nothing of what will happen in future , but by the analogy of past experience. (Abraham Lincoln , American president)
除了凭着对过去的经验加以类推之外，我们对今后的事一无所知。(美国总统 林肯 . A .)
A mother is not a person to lean on but a person to make leaning un-necessary. (D.C,Fisher, American female novelist)
母亲不是赖以依靠的人，而是使依靠成为不必要的人。(美国女小说家 菲席尔.D.C.) 
All happy families are like one another; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. (Leo Tolstoy ,Russian writer)
所有幸福的家庭都十分相似；而每个不幸的家庭各有各自的不幸。(俄国文学家 托尔斯泰.L.)
All I am , or can be, I owe to my angel mother. (Abraham lincoln, American president)
我之所有，我之所能，都归功于我天使般的母亲。(美国总统林肯)
As a modern parent, I know that it's not how much you give children those counts, it's the love and attention you shower on them.A caring attitude can not only save you a small fortune, but also even make you feel good about being tight-fisted and offering more care than presents. (O,Hare Noel, American writer)
作为一个现代的父母，我很清楚重要的不是你给了孩子们多少物质的东西，而是你倾注在他们身上的关心和爱。关心的态度不仅能帮你省下一笔可观的钱，而且甚至能使你感到一份欣慰，因为你花钱不多并且给予了胜过礼物的关怀。(美国作家 诺埃尔.O.)
Home is the girl's prison and the woman's workhouse. (Grorge Bernard Shaw, British dramstist)
家是姑娘的监狱，女人的教养院。(英国剧作家 肖伯纳.G.) 
Home is the place where ,when you have to go there , it has to take you in. (Frost Robert, American poet)
无论何时何地家永远是向游子敞开大门的地方。(美国诗人 罗伯特.F.)
How sharper than a serpent's tooth is to have a thankless child. (William Shakespeare, British dramatist)
逆子无情甚于蛇蝎。(英国剧作家 莎士比亚W.)
Husbands and wives in the process of divorce (and those in the throes of another argument )easily fall into the trap of denigraging the other, publicly if possible, and as often as possible. (Howards Mel, American writer)
正在闹离婚的（包括那些处于吵闹不停的痛楚中的）夫妻们很容易陷在对方的泥沼中不能自拔，这种诋毁是尽可能公开的，尽量频繁地进行。(美国作家 梅尔.H.)
I don'nt know who my grandfather was. I' m much more concerned to know what his grandson will be. (Abraham Lincoln, American president)
我不知道我爷爷是什么样的人，我更关心的是，他的孙子会成为什么样的人。(美国总统 林肯.A.) 
If you want your children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shouldres. (Joh Brnyan Btitish ssayist)
你若希望你的孩子总是脚踏实地， 就要让他们负些责任。(英国散文家 班扬，J.) 
It was the policy of the good old gentlemen to make his chileren feel that home was the happiest place in the world; and I value this delicious home---feeling as one of the choicest gifts a parent can bestow. (Irvng Washington, Father of literature of the United States.)
让孩子感到家庭是世界上最幸福的地方，这是以往有涵养的大人明智的做法。这种美妙的家庭情感，在我看来，和大人赠给孩子们的那些最精致的礼物一样珍贵。(美国文学之父 华盛顿. I.)
Mariage may be compared to a cage:the birds outside deapair to get in and those within despair to get out. (Michel de Montaigne, French thinker and ssayist)
婚姻好比鸟笼，外面的鸟想进进不去；里面的鸟儿想出出不来。(法国思想家、散文家 蒙田.M.D.)
My father had always said that there are four things a child needs plenty of love, nourishing food, fegular sleep , and lots of soap and water---and after those, what he needs most is some intelligent neglect. (Ivy Baker Priest, American officer of government)
我父亲总是说，一个孩子需要四样东西--充分的爱、富于营养的食物、有规律的睡眠、大量的肥皂和水--这些完了呢，他最需要的是一些明智的放任。(美国政府官员 普里斯特.I.B.)
The brotherly spirit of science , which unites into one family all its votaries of whatever grade ,and however widely dispersed throughout the different quarters of the globe. (Franklin Rosevelt, American president)
科学的博爱精神把分散在世界各地、各种热心科学的人联结成一个大家庭。(美国总统 罗斯。.F.) 
The family is one of nature's masterpieses. (George Santayana, American Philosopher and poet)
家庭是大自然创造的杰作之一。(美国哲学家、诗人 桑塔亚那.G.)
The family you came from isn't as important as the family you are going to have. (D.Herbert Lawrence, British writer)
你将拥有的家庭比你出身的那个家庭重要。(英国作家劳伦斯.D.H.)
The fundamental defect of fathers is that they want their children to be a credit to them. (Bretrand Rrssell, British philosopher)
父亲们最根本的缺点在于想要自己的孩子为自己争光。(英国哲学家 罗素.B.) 
The house of every one is to him as his castle and fortress. (E.Coke, British jutist)
每个人的家对他自己都像是城堡和要塞。(英国法学家 科克.E.)
The sooner you treat your son as a man, the sooner he will be one. (William John Locke, British novelist)
越早把你的儿子当成男人，他就越早成为男人。(英国小说家 洛克.W.J.) 
There is a skeleton in every house. (William Makepeace Thackeray, Bdritish novelist)
家家都有一本难念的经。(英国小说家 萨克雷.W.M.)
To make a lasting marriage we have to overcome self-centeredness. (Grorge Goreon Byron, Nritish poet)
要使婚姻长久，就需克服自我中心意识。(英国诗人 拜伦,G.G.)
We never know the love of the parents until we become parents ourselves. (Henry Ward Beecher, American clergyman and orator)
不养儿不知父母恩(美国牧师、演说家 比沏.H.W.) 
At twenty years of age , the will reigns; at thirty , the wit ; and at forty , the judgment .(Benjamin Franklin ,American president) 
二十岁时起支配作用的是意志,三十岁时是机智,四十岁时是判断。(美国总统 富兰克林 . B.)
Do you love life ? Then do not squander time ; for that's the stuff5 life is made of .(Benjamin Franklin , American president )
你热爱生命吗？那么，别浪费时间，因为生命是由时间组成的。(美国总统 富兰克林. B.) 
 Each moment in history is a fleeting time , precious and unique .(Richard Nixon , American president )
历史巨轮飞转，分分秒秒的时间都十分宝贵，也独具意义。(美国总统 尼克松. R.)
Fish and visitors smell three days .( Franklin Benjamin , American president )
鱼放三天发臭，客住三天讨嫌。(美国总统 富兰克林. B.)
I am a slow walker , but I never walk backwards .(Abraham Lincoln , American president)
我走得很慢，但是我从来不会后退。(美国总统 林肯. A.)
To choose time is to save time .( Francis Bacon , British philosopher )
合理安排时间就是节约时间 。( 英国哲学家 培根. F.)
We always have time enough , if we will but use it aright. (Johan Wolfgang von Goethe , German poet )
只要我们能善用时间,就永远不愁时间不够用。(德国诗人歌德. J.W.)
Power invariably means both responsibility and danger .(Theodore Roosevelt, American president)
实力永远意味着责任和危险。 (美国总统 罗斯福. T.)
Success covers a multitude of blunders .(George Bernard Shaw , British Dramatist)
成功由大量的失望铸就。( 英国剧作家 肖伯纳. G.)
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for circumstances they want , and if they cannot find them .they make them.(George Bernard Shaw , British dramatist )
在这个世界上，取得成功的人是那些努力寻找他们想要机会的人，如果找不到机会，他们就去创造机会。( 英国剧作家 肖伯纳. G.)
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity. (George Bernard Shaw)
初恋就是一点点笨拙外加许许多多好奇。(英国剧作家 肖伯纳.G)
Genius only means hard-working all one's life .( Mendeleyer , Russian Chemist)
天才只意味着终身不懈的努力。(俄国化学家 门捷列耶夫)
 I have nothing to offer but blood , toil tears and sweat . (Winston Churchill, British Politician)
我所能奉献的没有其它，只有热血、辛劳、眼泪与汗水。(英国政治家 丘吉尔 . W.) 
 Man errs so long as he strives. (Johan Wolfgang Goethe , German poet and dramatist)
人只要奋斗就会犯错误。 (德国诗人、剧作家 歌德. J. W.)
My fellow Americans , ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country . My fellow citizens of the world ; ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man . (John Kennedy , American President )
美国同胞们，不要问国家能为你们做些什么，而要问你们能为国家做些什么。全世界的公民们，不要问美国将为你们做些什么，而要问我们共同能为人类的自由做些什么。 (美国总统 肯尼迪. J.)
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair , but the chalice of opportunity . (Richard Nixon, American President )
命运给予我们的不是失望之酒，而是机会之杯。(美国总统 尼克松 . R.)
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet . (Jean Jacques Rousseau , French thinker) 
忍耐是痛苦的，但它的果实是甜蜜的。 (法国思想家 卢梭. J. J.)
  Progress is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow . (Emerson, American thinker )
进步是今天的活动、明天的保证。 (美国思想家 家默生) 
 The world can be changed by man's endeavor, and that this endeavor can groan. Sorrow calls no time that's gone.(John Fletcher , British dramatist )
别哭泣，别叹息，别呻吟；悲伤唤不回流逝的时光。(英国剧作家 弗莱沏. J.)
All for one, one for all.
人人为我，我为人人。—— [法] Dumas pére大仲马
Other men live to eat, while I eat to live.
别人为食而生存，我为生存而食。—— Socrates 苏格拉底
Easy come, easy go.
易得者亦易失。 —— Hazlitt赫斯特
Love rules his kingdom without a sword.
爱，统治了他的王国，不用一枝利剑。—— Herbert 赫伯特
We soon believe what we desire.
我们欲望中的东西，我们很快就信以为真。—— Chaucer乔叟
The darkest hour is that before the dawn.
黎明前的时分是最黑暗的。—— Fuller 富勒
The longest day has an end.
最难过的日子也有尽头。—— Howell 贺韦尔
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.
生活而无目标，犹如航海之无指南针。—— J. Ruskin 鲁斯金
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
手中的一只鸟胜于林中的两只鸟。—— Heywood 希伍德
One swallow does not make a summer.
一燕不成夏。—— Taverner 泰维纳
A man may lead a horse to the water, but he cannot make it drink.
一个人可以把马带到河边，但他不能令它饮水。 —— Heywood 希伍德
One cannot eat one’s cake and have it.
一个人不能把他的糕饼吃掉之后还留在手上。 —— Davies 戴维斯
Victory won’t come to me unless I go to it.
胜利是不会向我走来的，我必须自己走向胜利。—— M. Moore 穆尔
A great man is always willing to be little.
伟大的人物总是愿意当小人物的。—— R. W. Emerson 爱默生
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
懦夫在未死之前，已身历多次死亡的恐怖了。 —— Julius Caesar 凯撒
Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real.
但凡人能想象到的事物，必定有人能将它实现。 —— Jules Verne 凡尔纳
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
早睡早起使人健康、富裕又聪明。—— Benjamin Franklin 富兰克林
Life is just a series of trying to make up your mind.
生活只是由一系列下决心的努力所构成。—— T. Fuller 富勒
Goals determine what you are going to be.
目标决定你将成为为什么样的人。—— Julius Erving欧文
All human wisdom is summed up in two words ?C wait and hope.
人类所有的智慧可以归结为两个词 — 等待和希望。—— Alexandre Dumas Pére大仲马（法国作家）
It is not enough to be industrious, so are the ants. What are you industrious for?
光勤劳是不够的，蚂蚁也是勤劳的。要看你为什么而勤劳。—— H. D. Thoreau梭罗
You have to believe in yourself. That’s the secret of success.
人必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。—— Charles Chaplin卓别林
I can live for two months on a good compliment. (Mark Twain , American writer)
只凭一句赞美的话我就可以充实地活上两个月。(美国作家 马克?吐温)
It is no use doing what you like ; you have got to like what you do .(Winston Churchill , British prime minister)
不能爱哪行才干哪行，要干哪行爱哪行。 (美国首相 丘吉尔. W.)
Early to bed and early to rise , makes a man healthy , wealthy and wise .(Benjamin Franklin , American president )
早睡早起会使人健康、富有和聪明。 (美国总统 富兰克林. B.)
Sloth , like rust , consumes faster than labor wears .(Benjamin Franklin , American president)
懒惰像生锈一样，比操劳更能消耗身体。 (美国总统 富兰克林. B.)
But has the last word been said ? Is all hope to be lost ? Is the defeat final No !(Charles De Gaulle , French president )
但是难道败局已定，胜利已经无望？不，不能这样说！ (法国总统 戴高乐. C.)
I succeeded because I willed it ; I never hesitated .(Bonaparte Napoleon , French emperor )
我成功是因为我有决心，从不踌躇 。 (法国皇帝 拿破仑. B .)
Genius only means hard-working all one’s life .( Mendeleyer , Russian Chemist)
天才只意味着终身不懈的努力。 (俄国化学家 门捷列耶夫)
I have nothing to offer but blood , toil tears and sweat . (Winston Churchill, British Politician)
我所能奉献的没有其它，只有热血、辛劳、眼泪与汗水。(英国政治家 丘吉尔 . W.)
Man errs so long as he strives. (Johan Wolfgang Goethe , German poet and dramatist)
人只要奋斗就会犯错误。 (德国诗人、剧作家 歌德. J. W.)
Adversity reveals genius; fortune conceals it. (Horace, ancient Roman poet)
苦难显才华，好运隐天资。(古罗马诗人 贺拉斯)
Almost any situation—good or bad —is affected by the attitude we bring to. (Lucius Annaus Seneca, Ancient Roman philosopher)
差不多任何一种处境——无论是好是坏——都受到我们对待处境的的影响。(古罗马哲学家 西尼加 L A)
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it. (Hellen Keller, American writer)
虽然世界多苦难，但是苦难总是能战胜的(美国作家 海伦?凯勒)
As fruit needs not only sunshine but cold nights and chilling showers to ripen it, so character needs not only joy but trial and difficulty to mellow it. (Hugh Black, American writer)
水果不仅需要阳光，也需要凉夜。寒冷的雨水能使其成熟。人的陶冶不仅需要欢乐，也需要考验和困难。(美国作家 布莱克 H)
First catch your hare.
首先必须捕获兔子，然后才能宰之。
Victory won’t come to me unless I go to it.
胜利是不会向我走来的，我必须自己走向胜利。
A great man is always willing to be little.
伟大的人物总是愿意当小人物的。
The wealth of the mind is the only wealth. 
精神的财富是唯一的财富。
You can't judge a tree by its bark. 
人不可貌相。
Clothes do not make the man. 
人不在衣装。
To be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds. 
既当演说家，又做实干家。
Variety is the spice of life. 
变化是生活的调味品。
Bad times make a good man. 
艰难困苦出能人。
There is no royal road to learning. 
求知无坦途。
Doubt is the key to knowledge. 
怀疑是知识的钥匙。
Sharp tools make good work. 
工欲善其事，必先利其器。
Wasting time is robbing oneself. 
浪费时间就是掠夺自己。
Nurture passes nature. 
教养胜过天性。
There is no garden without its weeds. 
没有不长杂草的花园。
A man is only as good as what he loves. 
一个人要用他所爱的东西有多好来衡量。
Wealth is the test of a man's character. 
财富是对一个人品格的试金石。
The best hearts are always the bravest. 
心灵最高尚的人，也总是最勇敢的人。
Courtesy is the inseparable companion of virtue. 
礼貌和美貌是分不开的伴侣。
Plain living and high thinking. 
生活要朴素，情操要高尚。
Good is good, but better carries it. 
精益求精，善益求善。
Honesty is the best policy. 
诚实为上策。
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls. 
感恩是精神高尚的标志。
Politeness costs nothing and gains everything. 
礼貌不用花一分钱，却能赢得一切。
A man can't ride your back unless it is bent. 
你的腰不弯，别人就不能骑在你的背上。
Conceit is the quicksand of success. 
自负是成功的流沙。
 He that makes a good war makes a good peace. 
正义的战争创造持久的和平。
There is no disputing about tastes. 
人各有所好。
It is easy to be wise after the event. 
事后诸葛亮容易当。 
He that makes a thing too fine, breaks it. 
做事过于苛求，反把事情弄坏。
When all else is lost the future still remains. 
就是失去了一切别的，也还有未来。
The world is his who enjoys it. 
活着感到快乐，世界就属于你。
A little labor, much health. 
适量的劳动有益于健康。
Laugh and grow fat. 
心宽体胖。
Work won't kill but worry will. 
劳动无害，忧愁伤身。
He is rich that has few wants. 
寡欲者富。
Every man at forty is a fool or a physician. 
人到四十，如果不是傻子，就该知道保养身体。
Life is not all beer and skittles.
人生并非只是啤酒和九柱戏。（人生并不全是吃喝玩乐。）
For man is man and master of his fate.
人就是人,是自己命运的主人.
You are not in charge of the universe; you are in charge of yourself.
你并不掌管整个宇宙,但你得掌管你自己.
There is a history in all men's lives.
所有人的生活里都有一部历史.
He is born in a good hour who gets a good name.
生逢其时,美誉自至.
All things in their being are good for something.
天生我才必有用.
 The good or ill of man lies within his own will
人的善良或邪恶都存在于他。
Life is real, life is earnest.
人生真实,人生诚挚.
H.W.Longfellow 朗费罗(美国诗人)[英文]：Life is compared to a voyage.
人生好比是一次航程.
Life would be too smooth if it had no rubs in it.
生活若无波折险阻,就会过于平淡无奇.
Life means struggle.
生活就是斗争.
Life is sweet.
人生是美好的.
A man can never thrive who had a wasteful wife. 
妻子浪费无度，丈夫不会出头。
A man cannot serve two masters. 
一仆不能事二主。
All the wit in the world is not in one head. 
世界上所有的智慧不可能集中于一个脑袋。
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
整个世界是个舞台，男男女女，演员而已。
All things are difficult before they are easy. 
凡事都是先难后易。
All covet, all lose. 
贪多必失。
A man apt to promise is apt to forget. 
轻诺者易忘。
A man can die but once. 
人生只有一次死。
A man can do no more than he can. 
凡事只能量力而行。
All things are easy that are done willingly. 
做事乐意，诸事容易。
All things are obedient to money. 
有钱能使鬼推磨。
A man can not spin and reel at the same time. 
一心不能二用。
A man has his hour, and a dog has his day. 
人有称心时，狗有得意日。
All good things came to an end. 
天下无不散之宴席。
All is fair in war. 
兵不厌诈。
All is fish that comes to one's net. 
捉到网里都是鱼。
All is flour that comes to his mill. 
到他的磨里都能碾成粉。
All is not at hand that helps. 
有用的东西并不都是垂手可得的。
All is not gain that is put in the purse. 
放入钱包的钱财，并非都是应得的。
All is not gold that glitters. 
闪光的东西并不都是黄金。
All is not lost that is in danger. 
在危险中的东西未必都会损失。
All is well that ends well. 
结果美满都是好的。
All men are mortal. 
人孰无死。
All men cannot be first. 
不可能人人都得第一名。
A maiden with many wooers often chooses the worst.
少女有了许多求婚者往往选中了最差的一个。
A maid that laughs is half taken. 少
女露笑脸，婚事半成全。
A man alone is either a saint or a devil. 
孤身独处的人可以为圣哲，也可为恶魔。
A man is as old as he feels. 
老不老，自己晓。
All shall be well, Jack shall have Jill. 
有情人终成眷属。
All things will come round to him who will but wait. 
只要耐心肯等待，一切都会按时来。
All time is no time when it is past. 
光阴一去不复返。
All truths are not to be told. 
真理并不都能说得清。
The first wealth is health .
健康是人生第一财富。
A good fame is better than a good face.
美名胜过美貌
A mother's love never changes.
母爱永恒。 
Like mother, like daughter.
有其母必有其女。 
Time is money.
时间就是金钱。
Time and tide wait for no man.
时间不等人。
There is no rose without a thorn.
没有玫瑰花是不长刺的。
Lookers-on see most of the game.
旁观者清。
Beggars cannot be choosers.
行乞者不得有选择。